Edits to the documentation from COSMO Retreat (#142)
lab-cosmo/scikit-cosmo: docs/source/intro.rst

as some modifications to sklearn functionalities and minimal datasets that are useful within the field
of computational materials science and chemistry.

- FINGERPRINT SELECTION:
   Multiple data sub-selection modules, for selecting the most relevant features and samples out of a large set of candidates.

>       * CUR decomposition: an iterative feature selection method that has been developed to deal with data where the information provided by the singular vectors cannot be properly interpreted :ref:`CUR-api`.

Author: ```suggestion
      * CUR decomposition: an iterative feature selection method based upon the singular value decoposition.
```

      * PCov-CUR decomposition extends upon CUR by using augmented right or left singular vectors inspired by Principal Covariates Regression :ref:`PCov-CUR-api`.
      * Farthest Point-Sampling (FPS): a common selection technique intended to exploit the diversity of the input space. The selection of the first point is made at random or by a separate metric :ref:`FPS-api`
      * PCov-FPS extends upon FPS much like PCov-CUR does to CUR :ref:`PCov-FPS-api`.

>       * Voronoi FPS: construct a Voronoi tessellation obtained using the Hausdorff distance and with centers the FPS selected points :ref:`Voronoi-FPS-api`.   

Author: ```suggestion
      * Voronoi FPS: conduct FPS selection, taking advantage of Voronoi tessellations to accelerate selection :ref:`Voronoi-FPS-api`.   
```

of computational materials science and chemistry.

- Fingerprint Selection:
   Multiple data sub-selection modules, for selecting the most relevant features and samples out of a large set of candidates [Imbalzano2018]_, [Helfrecht2020]_ and [Cersonsky2021]_.
      * :ref:`_CUR-api:` decomposition: an iterative feature selection method based upon the singular value decoposition.
      * :ref:`PCov-CUR-api` decomposition extends upon CUR by using augmented right or left singular vectors inspired by Principal Covariates Regression.
      * :ref:`FPS-api`: a common selection technique intended to exploit the diversity of the input space. The selection of the first point is made at random or by a separate metric.
      * :ref:`PCov-FPS-api` extends upon FPS much like PCov-CUR does to CUR.
      * :ref:`Voronoi-FPS-api`: conduct FPS selection, taking advantage of Voronoi tessellations to accelerate selection.   

- Reconstruction Measures:
   A set of modules to compare different sets of descriptors (or featurizations) `F` and `F'`, and different ways of transforming them by means of metrics and kernels, in terms of the structure of the feature space that they induce [Goscinski2021]_ .

>       * :ref:`GRE-api` (GRE) a simple, easily-interpretable measure of the relative expressive power of $F$ and $F'$. Defined as the root mean-square error that one incurs when using the feature matrix $X_F$ to linearly regress $X_F'$.

Reviewer: TODO for myself: rework text here a little bit
